Add documentation for Cloud Credentials (#836)
okteto/docs: src/content/admin/cloud-credentials/index.mdx

---
title: Cloud Credentials
description: Manage and configure cloud credentials for your Okteto instance
sidebar_label: Cloud Credentials
---

> In the Admin Dashboard, you can set up cloud credentials for your Okteto instance. These credentials are automatically used by Okteto in your deploying steps, so developers don't need direct credential access. Once set, all developers can access the desired cloud provider resource through Okteto without additional steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Admin Dashboard, you can configure Cloud Credentials for your Okteto instance, providing a unified method for accessing your cloud account. These credentials are automatically used by Okteto in your deploy, destroy, and test commands, eliminating the need for developers to manage individual cloud credentials. Once configured, all developers can securely access your cloud provider using the Okteto cluster's identity, enhancing overall security and simplifying credential management.
```

<p align="center">
  <Image
    src={require("@site/static/img/cloud_credentials_view-v1.25+.png").default}
    alt="Cloud credentials view"
    width="900"
  />
</p>

> Cloud credentials are injected to your deploy steps to allow access to your cloud provider resources.

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence, it's already explained in the first paragraph
